# 英语水测

We like to think of ourselves as rational（基于理智的）creatures. We watch our backs, weigh the odds, pack an umbrella. But both neuroscience and social science suggest that we are more optimistic than realistic. On average, we expect things to turn out better than they wind up（wind up 结束）being. People hugely underestimate their chances of getting divorced, losing their job or being diagnosed（确认）with cancer; expect their children to be extraordinarily gifted; and overestimate their likely life span.

The belief that the future will be much better than the past and present is known as the optimism bias. It abides（遵守）in every race, region and socioeconomic bracket. Schoolchildren playing when-I-grow-up are rampant（泛滥的，猖獗的）optimists, but so are grownups: a 2005 study found that adults over 60 are just as likely to see the glass half full as young adults.

You might expect optimism to erode（削减）under the tide of news about violent conflicts, high unemployment, tornadoes and floods and all the threats and failures that shape human life. Collectively we can grow pessimistic—about the direction of our country or the ability of our leaders to improve education and reduce crime. But private optimism, about our personal future, remains incredibly **_resilient_**. A survey conducted in 2007 found that while 70% thought families in general were less successful than in their parents’ day, 76% of the respondents were optimistic about the future of their own family.

Overly positive assumptions can lead to disastrous（灾难性的）miscalculations—make us less likely to get health checkups, apply sunscreen or open a savings account, and more likely to bet the farm on a bad investment. But the bias also protects and inspires us: it keeps us moving forward rather than to the nearest high-rise cliff（悬崖）. Without optimism, our ancestors might never have ventured far from their tribes and we might all be cave dwellers, still huddled together and dreaming of light and heat.

To make progress, we need to be able to imagine alternative realities—better ones—and we need to believe that we can achieve them. Such faith helps motivate us to pursue our goals. Optimists in general work longer hours and tend to earn more. Although they are not less likely to divorce, they are more likely to remarry—an act that is, as Samuel Johnson wrote, the triumph of hope over experience.

The author uses the example of “pack an umbrella” to illustrate that people are ________.

A) excessively cautious                               B) generally sensible ( sensible 指的是 _ 明智的 _，正好 )

C) extremely pessimistic                              D) quite adaptable

当你了解意思的几个选项都觉得不太对的时候，那么就选择那个不了解意思的选项

According to the passage, which of the following is true of the optimism bias?

  A) Adults are not so optimistic about life as children.

  B) One’s social status will affect his optimism bias profoundly.

  C) It’s a sign of optimism when children say “when I grow up”.

  D) Old people and young adults are equally pessimistic about life.

The word “resilient” in Paragraph 3 is closest in meaning to “________”.

  A) able to recover quickly                                   B) dominant

  C) showing signs of decline                         D) invariable

Paragraph 4 is intended to emphasize ________.

  A) the endless pursuit of hope

  B) the real asset（有利条件，价值，资产）of optimism

  C) the invaluable contributions of our forefathers

  D) the detrimental（有害的）effect of positive assumptions

Which of the following falls into the category of the optimism bias?

  A) Exercising prudence（谨慎）in the presence of threats.

  B) Working longer hours and earning more money.

  C) Turning out better than expected.

  D) Picturing a better optional reality.

BCABD
